 -- Known Bugs --
The program opens with two SyntaxWarnings for unknown reasons.  These are
output by the Python interpreter before the license information comes up.
Since adding command-line options the number of SyntaxWarnings has gone up,
again for unknown reasons.  At the end of the day, this is just what I get for
using Python.

Monsters sometimes colide with doors that are above or below them when the
player is moving vertically.  Since the colission detection is handled by
Pygame, I don't know why this is occurring and can't fix it.  This is a rare
bug which I've only observed in one of the included levels, but it happens so
early in the game that new players may be caught off-guard.

The bat is not being converted to a transparent sprite properly.  This may be
because of the version of MS Paint I used to draw it.  Should consider using
GIMP in the future to be sure that the image properties will be transferred
from one sprite to another.  Further investigation required.

A test run on Linux revealed that attempting to end the game by pressing
ESCAPE or by completing all of the levels will end the program but will keep
Python running.  A "kill" command was required to get rid of the Python
process, even on previous versions which raised a SystemExit command to end
the game.  Further investigation required.

 -- Not Bugs --

Monsters are not subject to gravity and don't colide with walls.  They were
never programmed to do so, so this is not a "bug," but rather an oversight.
For the most part the game makes an earnest attempt to hide this bug by simply
never placing monsters against walls or over holes, but in future this will
need to be fixed.

Moving platforms do not move the player with them.  They were never programmed
to so so, largely because they were never implemented in the game.  Hopefully
both issues will be addressed in future releases.

Players and monsters walk backwards.  This is not a bug.  This is just
laziness.
