This is a brief guide to editing the Orange Quest level file.

Levels are stored in a plaintext file (orange-levels by default) which is then
read by the program and interpreted into level data.

Although the Orange Quest game itself doesn't work on a grid-based system, the
level generation code does.  This is why everything ends up looking so square
in the game itself.  The reason for this is that each character in the level
file corresponds to an item in the level, whether it's a wall, a door, a key,
or whatever.

Levels are split up first into lines, which represent y coordinates on the
grid, and then into characters, which represent x coordinates.  What this
means is that each line in the code can be as long as you can reasonably
expect one to be, but the game will not start placing items under that line
until you start a new line in the text file.

Levels are separated by a line that consists only of a semicolon.  An empty
line won't do because the level generator is expecting empty lines and many of
the existing levels use them already.  Adding a semicolon at the end of a line
with something on it won't work either, as the semicolon will simply be
ignored.

The following symbols are recognized as valid by the level generator:
 MSPKREA12346789!@#$^&*(abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzD

Every level must contain *one* P, *one* E or A, and at least one W.

P marks the starting point for the Player character.

E marks the Exit.
A marks a special Exit (really it's just a different sprite) for the end game.

W marks a Wall.

M marks a Monster.

S marks a set of Spikes.

K marks a Key.

R marks a golden key (originally a Red key).

D marks a secret level exit, which are used during testing.

The lower letters a-z will simply place a letter in the map data.  These are
the messages you see during the first few levels.

To add a message to the level data, place the message in-between two
double-quotes (e.g. "This is a level message") and the message (without the
quotes) will be displayed at the top of the screen when the level starts.

12346789 and the symbols !@#$^&*( produce doors.  Which number or symbol you
choose affects how the door will open.  The numbers 12346789 mark regular
doors; the symbols !@#$^&*( mark hidden doors.  Note that neither 5 nor % mark
doors, as these doors would not open.

The resting place of doors after opening, given 0 as their starting point:

       8/*
        |
    7/& | 9/(
      \ | /
       \|/        Notice that the numbers correspond to directions on the
 4/$----0----6/^  number pad, and the symbols correspond to the symbols which
       /|\        share the same number on the number line.
      / | \
    1/! | 3/#
        |
       2/@

Until Orange Guy's Quest becomes more complex as a game, that's all there is
to the levels.  Have fun.
